d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(6) : Initializing File system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(6) : Initializing SGL system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(6) : Initializing OpenGL system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\openglsystem.cpp(28) : Open GL Version: 2.0.1
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\openglsystem.cpp(29) : Open GL Vendor: NVIDIA Corporation
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\openglsystem.cpp(30) : Open GL Renderer: GeForce 6800/PCI/SSE2/3DNOW!
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(6) : Initializing Font format system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(6) : Initializing DevIL system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(6) : Initializing Language system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(6) : Initializing Game Monkey v1.24 system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(6) : Initializing FMOD Ex v4.6:1 system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(22) : Initializing game state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(22) : Initializing loader state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(22) : Initializing main state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(22) : Initializing console state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(22) : Initializing display state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(22) : Initializing tweakers state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(22) : Initializing messages state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\game.cpp(274) : --- Main loop: started ---
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\game.cpp(329) : --- Main loop: ended -----
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(26) : de-Initializing main state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(26) : de-Initializing game state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(26) : de-Initializing loader state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(26) : de-Initializing tweakers state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(26) : de-Initializing display state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(26) : de-Initializing messages state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\state.cpp(26) : de-Initializing console state
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(9) : De-Initializing FMOD Ex v4.6:1 system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(9) : De-Initializing Game Monkey v1.24 system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(9) : De-Initializing Language system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(9) : De-Initializing DevIL system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(9) : De-Initializing Font format system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(9) : De-Initializing OpenGL system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(9) : De-Initializing SGL system
d:\dev\infection\lunarlady\system.cpp(9) : De-Initializing File system
